there is just one more time we are here
the akhavan senac with a calm 1917 is
Commodore
give a look it really is very good
It's very good, it's an excellent commodore.
Standard Car Very Well Assembled a Dog
very good gives an idea the details of the
where is this car and can you
notice and Stephano couples around the phone keep
Contact suddenly you see this in life
fishing and the number and details on the range
the place where the car is available
hey now let's see again and let's go
back to the car there, not looking in the
car more closely is for you to feel
Here's how it 's the interior crashed vehicle.
on the machine is the car in 1987 staff
a very good car very good and excellent
the steering wheel of the panel is gone, you
close details with door ration
let's check it out to
front headlight
the details of what little has
no none but no money
risk is personal car garage car
in the garage the sensational car very good
same is the front headlamp on the
driver out of poland not to
whole bumper shock there the grid
gm positive front the car the car
car really car of rangel in
details of the front bonnet roof
there she penal the left side
there the rearview mirror also
all
take a closer look at the cold there
Commodore sl
top of the line here I have the original wheels
factory has all the details on the
SESu car and the car's line dinho
really the car a very good car a
car and was the cover of the
fuel
there to put the fuel
there all the details of your car
the doors concerned, but it is not
really too whole the car is
great
Let's open in the post we show the details
from inside the vehicle
there the door lining to a handle an
pen
side bags still put
supports objects
there all the details the bank of the
driver
the original bank also a fishery
factory original
the correct is the detail of the car for you
and 4 internal actually a car
first has the dashboard clocks
has a fuel marker a canoe at
temperature and the
right car there original steering wheel
demonstrating win more is commodore there
the leverage of a whole panel does not
one student has a cut between one
cracked on panel
more details on the lever lever
exchange is a four-speed car
It 's a very good four-speed car.
There are more details now in the panel there.
the buttons to lift the books in the
car
the passenger seat has more details
on the inside of the car very good and
this sensational carried only just this
here is the same and if they have no voice if they do not have
there the buttons on the panel where the
panel
here let's take a look at the details on
also original rear seat
factory bikes are the good ones
are integral with the original formation
now one more detail delay the screen
rear car rear cover
she in the other lan also whole
Let's have a fight and that's it.
pipe discharge camp will open
in that trunk to have a look there
she sees the size of that noise is great
in Arabic, a lot of luggage and let's give a little kiss
now
there he opened the open lid the size
there to put enough suitcase
something for you hey that's great the
compartment size of that car and not
in the downtown that in the encounter he goes there
underneath even the poet is a detail
engine crashed a six-cylinder engine
this engine pushes on staff and without
pulse and cinema also begemann gasoline
which is not easy but is not a detail
interesting is the car and motor the motor
powerful six- cylinder is another
detail of the right side of the car too
all
Okay but the details we're already finalized
and show our filming there details
car wheel sports area
the other front wheel goes bell a
model commodore sl
We hope you enjoyed this
vehicle really is a very good car
kakuta